LONG TERM 
- [ ] read through sampling readme
- [ ] Transfer CBC extraction to lo-bind tubes
	- R2_B3 have been labelled 
- [ ] compile 96 in first PCR 
	-  then move on to indexing 96 at a time
- [ ] connecting zotero to obsidian
	- collecting summaries or key words of papers that apply to me
	- make it more easy to find papers to reference as I write my intro 
- [ ] branae to help with PCR & extract panama samples
	- building molecular techniques
	- a subset of samples, psba and sanger sequencing 

March 10-17
- [ ] concur submission
- [ ] finish 96 samples 
- [ ] pooling! (tues)
Mar 3-7
- [x] set expectations with isabel 
- [ ] mentor agreements to be sent to sarah 


Feb 24-28
- [x] PCR enriched samples (mon)
- [x] PCR recent samples (tues)
- [x] isabel onboarding (tues)
- [x] inventory Panama samples (tues)
- [x] redo gel from enriched samples (wed)
- [x] PCR recent samples with Branae (wed)
- [x] pcr recent samples (thurs)
- [x] put everything together to show sarah (thurs)

Feb 17-21
- [x] Ask brooke for OTU table that she produced with kraken
	- analyze this next week
- [x] dna extraction with Branae (mon)
- [x] fulbright webinar (tues)
- [x] smithsonian forms
- [x] BGC email
- [x] DNA extraction with Nikea (thurs)
- [x] PCR (fri) enriched
- [x] meeting with sarah
	- more paper towels pls
	- p10 spring is broken?

Feb 10-14
ask brooke and nikea mapping mag reads againts symbiondinicae genomes? what genera did you find
	want to have an idea of what I might find so that i can choose psba based on that 
respond to kira and caleb, thanking them and telling them the plans (already in a draft)



Jan 27-31
- [x] rework Coral_Matching code
- [x] new table that combines metagenomics tracker and isolated immune samples
	- in randomized order
- [x] email sara, rynn (and isabel?)
- [x] read hologenome paper 
	- [x] video
	- [x] podcast
**MEETING WITH BROOKE 1/30 
- [x] branae to start extracting panama samples for her own project
	- first full dna extraction on oyster?
**MEETING WITH SARAH 1/31**
- [x]  set up lock box
- [x] order ITS2 primers
	- after lab meeting 
- [x] kiras email, just copied Caleb Butler
- [x] what to do with 012024
	- extract them!
- [x] orders 
	- ~~xs gloves~~
	- another roll of parafilm for post-pcr room unnecessary
	- more scissors?
	- ITS2 primers
	- ~~qubit tubes~~

Jan 21-24
- [x] interviews
	- Tues 11 am Jake
	- Tues 1 pm Rynn
	- Wed 10 am Sara
- [x] clean up CBC_samples 
	- use brookes jupyter notebook draft
	- issues to solve: add leading zeros, sorting?
- [x] test pcr on accidental samples
	- [x] also sample that I had redone
**MEETING With SARAH 1/24**
 - [x] did we switch to LMW DNA ladders? should I be using those now?
	 - no, still using 100 bp ladder
 - [x] what is up with 052023 samples from BEL_CBC
 - [x] branae not to transfer into lo-bind
- [x] register to physalia course (fri)
- [x] review IDP (fri)
	- [x] send to sarah by wednesday